Retry throttled snapshot deletions (#113237)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/repository-s3.asciidoc

    `1000` which is the maximum number supported by the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_ListMultipartUploads.html[AWS
    ListMultipartUploads API]. If set to `0`, {es} will not attempt to clean up dangling multipart uploads.

`throttled_delete_retry.delay_increment`::

>     (integer) This value is used as the delay before the first retry and the amount the delay is incremented by on each subsequent retry. Default is 50ms, minimum is 0ms.

Reviewer: It's a `TimeValue` isn't it?

```suggestion
    (<<time-units,time value>>) This value is used as the delay before the first retry and the amount the delay is incremented by on each subsequent retry. Default is 50ms, minimum is 0ms.
```

`throttled_delete_retry.maximum_delay`::

>     (integer) This is the upper bound on how long the delays between retries will grow to. Default is 500ms, minimum is 0ms.

Reviewer: Likewise

```suggestion
    (<<time-units,time value>>) This is the upper bound on how long the delays between retries will grow to. Default is 500ms, minimum is 0ms.
```

Author: Fixed in 1e207e0ce1eb32271da675bde27368eadafab953

`throttled_delete_retry.maximum_number_of_retries`::

    (integer) Sets the number times to retry a throttled snapshot deletion. Defaults to `10`, minimum value is `0` which
    will disable retries altogether. Note that if retries are enabled in the Azure client, each of these retries

>     comprises that many cient-level retries.

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
    comprises that many client-level retries.
```
